:pencil: (proofread) Revise mentoring docs (#273)
exercism/docs: mentoring/choosing_a_solution.md

![Mentoring queue](https://exercism-static.s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/docs/mentor_queue.png)

> At the top of the queue panel, you will find a text box that allows you to filter by the student's name. To the right of this, you will find a dropdown select to sort requests by oldest or most recent first. On the right-hand side of the interface, you can filter by language or exercise name.

Reviewer: I don't know if "dropdown select" helps explain what one can do. Maybe just do:

```suggestion
At the top of the queue panel, you will find a text box that allows you to filter by the student's name. To the right of this, you can the sort requests by oldest first, most recent first, student name or exercise name. On the right-hand side of the interface, you can filter by language or exercise name.
```

> At the top of the queue panel, you will find a text box that allows you to filter by the student's name. To the right of this, you can the sort requests by oldest first, most recent first, student name or exercise name. On the right-hand side of the interface, you can filter by language or exercise name.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
At the top of the queue panel, you will find a text box that allows you to filter by the student's name.
To the right of this, you can the sort requests by oldest first, most recent first, student name or exercise name.
On the right-hand side of the interface, you can filter by language or exercise name.
```

One sentence per line can help with diffs for documents.

> You can also choose to only show exercises you've completed yourself (enabled by default), which is often wise as you may struggle to give great feedback if you've not wrestled with solving the exercise yourself. The list of exercises with outstanding mentorship-requests can be used to further filter the request list. Do this by selecting the exercise name (visible in the bottom right section of the screenshot above).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can also choose to only show exercises that you have completed yourself (enabled by default), which is often wise as you may struggle to give great feedback if you have not wrestled with solving the exercise yourself.
The list of exercises with outstanding mentorship requests can be used to further filter the request list.
Do this by selecting the exercise name (visible in the bottom right section of the screenshot above).
```

![Mentoring queue](https://exercism-static.s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/docs/mentor_queue.png)

At the top of the queue panel, you will find a text box that allows you to filter by the student's name.
To the right of this, you can the sort requests by oldest first, most recent first, student name or exercise name.
On the right-hand side of the interface, you can filter by language or exercise name.

> You can also choose to only show exercises that you have completed yourself (enabled by default), which is often wise as you may struggle to give great feedback if you have not wrestled with solving the exercise yourself.

Reviewer 2: Is it enabled by default?  And does it matter?  If we change this, we would need to also remember to come back here to update this, and I am not sure that the reader would not notice that it is selected by default, if it is.

Author: That was in the original copy (currently live).

Author: I am fine with removing it, I just wanted to have direction that it was preferred to remove it (not really an editorial decision).

Reviewer 2: I think it could be removed for reasons stated.  I agree with the line otherwise.  And I did not notice that it is the default behavior.  Even if it is, it removes maintenance cost by removing it now.

Author: Done

## The Mentoring Discussion UI

> At this stage you're looking at someone's solution but haven't yet committed to mentoring it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
At this stage you are looking at someone's solution but have not yet committed to mentoring it.
```

Also could be "have yet to commit to mentoring it."

Author: > Contractions (e.g. "won't", "I'm", "that's") should be used sparingly if at all in exercise descriptions, but are not restricted in other language around the site (e.g. website copy, mentoring). 

[Exercism's Style Guide](https://exercism.org/docs/building/markdown/style-guide)

1. The main part of the left side contains the student's code.
   By default you'll be seeing their most recent iteration.
   If they've submitted multiple iterations, you can switch through these using the numbers in circles at the bottom left or using the `Previous` and `Next` buttons located at the bottom right of this panel.
   If they've only submitted one iteration, you won't see those icons.

> 2. At the top of the student's code, you can use the tabs at the top to switch between the student's code, the instructions, and the tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. At the top of the student's code, you can use the tabs to switch between the student's code, the instructions, and the tests.
```

   This is useful for reminding yourself what the student has been asked to do in this exercise.

> 3. You'll also see an indicator as to whether the tests have passed or failed (located at the top right of this left panel), as well as buttons dowload the student's code or to copy the student's code to your clipboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. You'll also see an indicator as to whether the tests have passed or failed (located at the top right of this left panel), as well as buttons to download the student's code or copy the student's code to your clipboard.
```

   By default you'll be seeing their most recent iteration.
   If they've submitted multiple iterations, you can switch through these using the numbers in circles at the bottom left or using the `Previous` and `Next` buttons located at the bottom right of this panel.
   If they've only submitted one iteration, you won't see those icons.

2. At the top of the student's code, you can use the tabs to switch between the student's code, the instructions, and the tests.
   This is useful for reminding yourself what the student has been asked to do in this exercise.

3. You'll also see an indicator as to whether the tests have passed or failed (located at the top right of this left panel), as well as buttons to download the student's code or copy the student's code to your clipboard.
   If they failed, clicking on this indicator will open a modal that shows you the specific details of their test run, so you can see what they did wrong.

The right hand side of the screen holds a panel containing the mentorship interaction. At the top of this panel, you'll see three tabs.
The "Discussion" tab will contain the information about the user (username, name, reputation, personal blurb).

> Below that you'll see a comment from the user about what it is that they want to learn from this specific solution.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Below that is a comment from the user about what it is that they want to learn from this specific solution.
```

The third tab is called "Guidance".
If you click on this you'll see some information that might be useful for you:

> - **The Exemplar solution** Try to guide the student towards this solution. It is the best place for them to reach at this point during the Track. You may discover that your approach differs significantly from the exemplar solution. This may be due to more advanced techniques than are expected of a student completing the learning path as designed. Consider this fact when providing your feedback and try not to overwhelm your student with knowledge they may not be prepared for yet.

Reviewer: I think we could perhaps be a little bit more explicit here, as this is a key point to get across to mentors.

```suggestion
- **The Exemplar solution** Try to guide the student towards this solution. It is the best place for them to reach at this point during the Track. You may discover that your approach differs significantly from the exemplar solution. This may be due to you being familiar with more advanced techniques than the student. Keep in mind that you can only expect the student to be familiar with the concepts they've learnt while completing the learning path to the exercise they are working on. Consider this fact when providing your feedback and try not to overwhelm your student with knowledge they may not be prepared for yet.
```

> - **The Exemplar solution** Try to guide the student towards this solution. It is the best place for them to reach at this point during the Track. You may discover that your approach differs significantly from the exemplar solution. This may be due to you being familiar with more advanced techniques than the student. Keep in mind that you can only expect the student to be familiar with the concepts they've learnt while completing the learning path to the exercise they are working on. Consider this fact when providing your feedback and try not to overwhelm your student with knowledge they may not be prepared for yet.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **The Exemplar solution** Try to guide the student towards this solution.
  It is the best place for them to reach at this point during the Track.
  You may discover that your approach differs significantly from the exemplar solution.
  This may be due to you being familiar with more advanced techniques than the student.
  Keep in mind that you can only expect the student to be familiar with the concepts they have learned while completing the learning path to the exercise they are working on.
   Consider this fact when providing your feedback and try not to overwhelm your student with knowledge they may not be prepared for yet.
```
